Now, if I go to the order page,
okay, at least for
seeing quickly if this is working.
I can put the text and try to say,
Cart length dataManager,
we have all ready received
the dataManager with
either before dataManager.cart.count.
If you look at here,
we should be able to see something.
So if I'm going to the orders section now,
it says zero.
It's actually really small, okay?
It says zero.
If I add something, I go to order,
it still says zero.
Why?
>> The data binding is not there.
>> The data binding.
Maybe has to do with data binding?
Well, we'll see let's start
designing the carts so
we can actually solve
the problem in a minute.
First, to design the cart,
the cart will have rows, okay?
With the details that we have in the cart.
This is actually doing the same thing
as we did before we create a row and
we add some text.
So something that we can
do is in the companion
website we are actually In the last part.
We have the creating the cart page and
they have an order item all ready for you.
It's just playing with the same
thing it's not actually a big deal,
let me paste that and
actually see that and see what's going on.
So we have the ordered item will
actually render an item, okay?
And it has an own remove because he
will have the delete button, okay?
And then it's a card, so
it's a busy wall card.
The card has a row, and the row has
some charts with an expanded version.
We haven't seen the expanded
version before.
So the expanded version will show
will try to use Flexbox ideas.
So in the row, they will be expanded
based on the flex property.
So in this case it's one,
six, two and one,
totals ten, so actually the first child is
a padding with the text
will be 10% of the width.
So this is like CSS saying with 10%.
Does it make sense?
This one says with 60%,
and so on, all right?
You'll get the idea 20% 10%.
Why?
Because it's using that flex,
actually if you want,
you can use present dashes like this.
If it's clearer for you,
it's actually just the same.
So when you want this to render
this order items here In the cart.
>> If you pass in an item count we
would always render that number if.
>> Okay.
>> Some are off the screen.
>> But we can answer the question.
I can answer it now because now
I need to add another of those.
So what do I need to do here?
I need to add a Listview.builder, okay?
And remember,
the builder receives an item builder
that has the context and the index.
And also we typically need
to pass the item count.
So what happens if we say 100?
It will actually execute item builder
up to 100 times, not necessarily
100 times because if the user is not
scrolling, it's not going to ask you for
all the items, all the items
are all ready on the screen, okay?
But, of course, if you're sitting there
more elements are the ones that you have,
you may have a problem.
Okay.
Make sense?
So typically here you need
to say now you know what.
We want to pass the length of the cart, so
then we are not passing over this and
then we will have the current item.
So index and what we need to do is to
render we're going to return the item
builder always return the widget.
So we're gonna return an order
item with that item and for
our remove, we need to pass a function.
Okay, something like that.
So any question on the idea
of what I'm doing?
Does it make sense?
I mean, we have an order item
that is like a program item and
is just entering one row.
It receives the data model for
entering in the row and
it will lift an event for own remove.
And by the way own remove here should
talk to data manager and ask to remove
something from the cart, that product
that we receive as an argument.
But will it work?
We'll see.